1. WAP to find the roots of a quadratic equation.

(30 hours)

2. WAP to accept a number 'n' and Chock if 'n' is prime

b. Generate all prime mumbers till 'n' Generate first 'n' prime nunsbers

d. This program may be done using functions.

3. WAP to create a pyramid of the character and a reverse pyramid

4. WAP that accepts a character and performs the following print whether the character is a letter or numeric digit or a special character h. if the character is a letter, print whether the letter is uppercase or lowercase if the character is a numeric digit, prints its name in text (eg, if input is 9, output

NINE

5. WAP to perform the following operations on a string

Find the frequency of a character in a string.

b. Replace a character by another character in a string

Remove the fint occurrence of a character from a string.

d. Remove all occurrences of a character from a string.

6. WAP to swap the first a characters of two strings..

7. Write a function that accepts two strings and returns the indices of all the occurrences of the second string in the first string as a list. If the second string is not present in the first. string then it should return -1.

8. WAP to create a list of the cubes of only the even integers appearing in the input fist (may have elements of other types also) using the following:

a. for loop

b list comprehension

9. WAP to read a file and

Print the total number of characters, words and lines in the file.

b. Calculate the frequency of each character in the file. Use a variable of dictionary type to maintain the count.

Print the words in reverse order.

d. Copy even lines of the file to a file named 'Filel' and odd lines to another file named "File2"

10. Write a function that prints a dictionary where the keys are numbers between 1 and 5 and the values are cubes of the keys.

11. Consider a tuple tl (1, 2, 5, 7, 9, 2, 4, 6, 8, 10) WAP to perform following operations

Print half the values of the tuple in one line and the other half in the next line.

b. Print another tuple whose values are even numbers in the given tuple.

Concatenate a tuple 12-(11,13,15) with t1.

d. Retum maximum and minimum value from this tuple 12. WAP to accept a name from a user. Raise and handle appropriate exception(s) if the text

entered by the user contains digits and/or special characters.
